Add New Resource & Data Source: azurerm_netapp_volume (#4933)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/netapp_volume.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "NetApp"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_volume"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-netapp-volume"
description: |-
  Manages a NetApp Volume.
---

# azurerm_netapp_volume

Manages a NetApp Volume.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: FIxed

## NetApp Volume Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "example" {
  name                = "example-virtualnetwork"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  address_space       = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
}

resource "azurerm_subnet" "example" {
  name                 = "example-subnet"
  resource_group_name  = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  virtual_network_name = "${azurerm_virtual_network.example.name}"

>   address_prefix       = "10.0.2.0/24"

Reviewer: this'll make this more readable:

```suggestion
  address_prefix       = "10.0.2.0/24"

```

Author: Fixed

  delegation {

>     name = "testdelegation"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    name = "netapp"
```

Author: fixed

  
    service_delegation {
      name    = "Microsoft.Netapp/volumes"
      actions = ["Microsoft.Network/networkinterfaces/*", "Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action"]
    }
  }
}

resource "azurerm_netapp_account" "example" {
  name                = "example-netappaccount"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
}

resource "azurerm_netapp_pool" "example" {
  name                = "example-netapppool"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  account_name        = "${azurerm_netapp_account.example.name}"
  service_level       = "Premium"

>   size_in_4_tb        = "1"

Reviewer: this is an integer - so can we remove the quotes here?

Author: Fixed

}

resource "azurerm_netapp_volume" "example" {
  name                = "example-netappvolume"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  account_name        = "${azurerm_netapp_account.example.name}"
  pool_name           = "${azurerm_netapp_pool.example.name}"
  creation_token      = "my-unique-file-path"
  service_level       = "Premium"
  subnet_id           = "${azurerm_subnet.example.id}"

>   usage_threshold     = "100"

Reviewer: this is an integer - so can we remove the quotes here?

Author: Fixed

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp Volume. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the NetApp Volume should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `account_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp account in which the NetApp Pool should be created.

Reviewer: since this is force new we need to include the "Changing this forces a new resource to be created" text here

Author: fixed

> * `pool_name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp pool in which the NetApp Volume should be created.

Reviewer: since this is force new we need to include the "Changing this forces a new resource to be created" text here

Author: fixed

> * `creation_token` - (Required) A unique file path for the volume. Used when creating mount targets. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: Should this perhaps be called something different? creation token seems odd if its more the "volume path"?

Author: fixed

* `creation_token` - (Required) A unique file path for the volume. Used when creating mount targets.

> * `service_level` - (Required) The service level of the file system. Valid values include `Premium`, `Standard`, or `Ultra`.

Reviewer: can we sort these alphabetically?

Author: fixed

Reviewer 2: Could we elaborate on what the service level means?

> * `subnet_id` - (Required) The Azure Resource URI for a delegated subnet. Must have the delegation Microsoft.NetApp/volumes.

Reviewer: we intentionally don't mention "Azure Resource URI" since it's unhelpful - can we update this to be:

```suggestion
* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of a Subnet in which the ..., which must have the delegation Microsoft.NetApp/volumes.
```

Author: fixed

> * `usage_threshold` - (Required) Maximum storage quota allowed for a file system in bytes. This is a soft quota used for alerting only.

Reviewer: Perhaps this field wants to be renamed (since it's being converted to GB's above)?

```suggestion
* `usage_threshold` - (Required) The maximum Storage Quota in Gigabytes allowed for a file system.

-> **NOTE:** This is a soft quota used for alerting only.
```

Author: Fixed

> * `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of a Subnet in which the NetApp Volume, which must have the delegation Microsoft.NetApp/volumes. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: Could we fix the grammar here?

Author: fixed

> * `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the Subnet within the NetApp Volume, which must have the delegation Microsoft.NetApp/volumes. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: Is this description correct? should it be

```suggestion
* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the Subnet the NetApp Volume resides in, which must have the `Microsoft.NetApp/volumes` delegation. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: fixed

> * `export_policy_rule` - (Optional) One `export_policy_rule` block defined below.

Reviewer: There can be up to 5 of these - as such:

```suggestion
* `export_policy_rule` - (Optional) One or more `export_policy_rule` block defined below.
```

Author: Fixed

---

> The `export_policy_rule` block contains the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `export_policy_rule` block supports the following:
```

Author: fixed

> * `usage_threshold` - (Required) The maximum Storage Quota in Gigabytes allowed for a file system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `usage_threshold` - (Required) The maximum Storage Quota allowed for a file system in Gigabytes.
```

Author: fixed

> * `usage_threshold` - (Required) The maximum Storage Quota allowed for a file system in Gigabytes.

Reviewer 2: the name here seems different then the description?
Should this property perhaps be called `storage_quota_in_gb`?

Author: fixed

> * `rule_index` - (Required) Order index.

Reviewer: what does this mean? could we be more descriptive here

Author: Specify the index number for the rule.
An export policy can consist of up to five rules. Rules are evaluated according to their order in the list of index numbers. Rules with lower index numbers are evaluated first. For example, the rule with index number 1 is evaluated before the rule with index number 2.

> * `allowed_clients` - (Required) Client ingress specification as comma separated string with IPv4 CIDRs, IPv4 host addresses and host names.

Reviewer: (as above) I think this wants to become an List/Set of strings rather than being a comma separated string; which isn't a great UX here

Author: fixed

> * `rule_index` - (Required) The index number of the rule.

Reviewer 2: Are rules evaluated in order? does order matter here? if no would it make sense to remove the index?

Author: It cannot be removed because rules are evaluated according to their order in the list of index numbers so that we need to allow user to specify the rule index to customize the sequence of the rule.
See more details from https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-netapp-files/azure-netapp-files-configure-export-policy.

Reviewer 2: 👍

> * `allowed_clients` - (Required) The allowed clients as set with IPv4 CIDRs, IPv4 host addresses.

Reviewer 2: Could we fix the grammar here?
```suggestion
* `allowed_clients` - (Required) A list of allowed clients IPv4 addresses.
```

Author: fixed

> * `allowed_clients` - (Required) Client ingress specification as list with IPv4 CIDRs, IPv4 host addresses.

Reviewer 2: Could we fix the grammar here?

Author: fixed

* `cifs` - (Required) Allows CIFS protocol.

* `nfsv3` - (Required) Allows NFSv3 protocol.

* `nfsv4` - (Required) Allows NFSv4 protocol.

> * `unix_read_only` - (Required) Read only access.

Reviewer: what does this mean? could we be more descriptive here

Author: Read only file system on unix.

> * `unix_read_write` - (Required) Read and write access.

Reviewer: what does this mean? could we be more descriptive here

Author: Read write file system on unix.

---

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the NetApp Volume.

## Import

> NetApp Volume can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetApp Volumes can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```

Author: fixed

> * `unix_read_write` - (Required) Read and write file system type on unix.

Reviewer 2: could we improve the wording here:
```
* `rule_index` - (Required) The index number of the rule.

* `cifs` - (Required) Is the CIFS protocol allowed?

* `unix_read_only` - (Required) Is the file system on unix read only?
```

and so forth

Author: fixed
